Notes:

*** Sometimes I get location errors when I run 'rake test:units', and sometimes they all pass too. The number of errors I get when I run 'rake test:units' changes everytime...probably because of sending too many geocoding requests to Google? ***

1) Added datepicker for student date of birth, but the left and right arrows to change the month don't show up on my computer for some reason (it's just invisible), so I added the option to choose the month and year. 
2) Changed favicon to knight chess piece and changed site logo.
3) Guests cannot see partials that have inactive camps/instructors/locations etc.
4) Guests cannot see inactive camps/curriculums/locations/instructors partials on an entity's index page. 
5) Guests cannot see past camps on camps index page. 
6) Admins can register students on a camp's show page (camp id is hidden value for the registration form).
7) Admin dashboard has paginated list of all upcoming camps and instructor assignments, where they can view payment reports for each upcoming camp. They can also view PAST PAYMENT REPORTS for camps by clicking on the button on top of the dashboard table (instead of having a generate camp payment history by year report as said in the use cases).
8) Payment report lists students registered for the specified camp, and the adminstrator can also edit registrations accordingly. User can also view the payment report from a camp's show page. 
9) Menu and dropdown options on top navigation bar change depending on whether the user is authorized to index/add an entity. Guests/parents have the home option on the navigation bar with dropdown options to the 'About Us', 'Contact Us' and 'Privacy Policy' pages.
10) Instructor dashboard has list of all upcoming camps for an instructor, number of students registered and a link to view the list of students registered for a particular camp. 
11) Instructors can view other camps, but cannot see the registered students partial on the camps show page if they haven't been assigned to that camp.
12) Instructors, admins and guests can also view upcoming camps where a specified location is going to be used through the 'camps_using' partial on the location show page.
13) Instructors index page for administrators is a list of all instructors with 2 additional columns: Active and Email address (as told in the last page of the chess camp narrative). 
14) Added user authentication tests to user_test.rb for full test coverage on all models. 'photo_uploader.rb' and 'chess_camp_helpers.rb' don't have full test coverage. 
15) On the family show page, admins have the option to view the payment history of all camps a family's students has registered for by_student. 


EXTRA CREDIT:
1) Javascript enabled Google API map added to Location show page.

